Aurelio Giovanna Carril Marina
You arrived at the photocall this afternoon and
what the mess was that you found.
Well, I'm going to tell you about the mess, come on, let's
start. But because it's
very good, it's really worthy, it
's that it's a movie, it has been a movie, come on, I'm going to tell it from beginning to end, although if you want to include videos in between, let's see, I'll remove the videos that you sent me, I'll put them in the
order that you tell me and the
Instagram stories in the order that you gave me, in the
order that you tell me, not in the one you
consider because I was already
so in their only one a kisska Where is
sisuca, she's the one who told me about
bald spots or about bald spots or Telo, she's
very good. Well, a kiss, let me know, let
me know, tersa. It's a good thing I have
Michi here, trigger it over here because otherwise I wouldn't
find out. A kiss. Like this, her career Marina, do
you think we should put as an introduction
to what everyone has seen, which are
Marta's stories? Come on  Come on come on do
you think we should laugh
[Music]
the other two are there fighting
and she's here with her cell phone That's what
Aurelio
Manzano wrote in the chat you've already passed
him by
200 people right now Aurelio a kiss
king who came in to find out about
this mess that we're going to tell you about now
because of course well you've
even taken Alexia Rivas from me a WhatsApp
everyone started writing to me like
living because they didn't believe it or something
like that Circus okay let's see
But you have these images here
now I
want people to understand let's see what I
want you to understand is that
right now people are talking about this
everywhere but these images are for
telesalseo Okay then let's go let's go let's
put the stories of Marta
risk which are what everyone has
seen and now Marina no no no and then we have to
see Well I think we should
see or not like the clip of Sálvame that
will be on Twitter you know like the
confrontation that these people have already had that
you know I think I think Well yes  no no it's not
necessary either
yes because let's see what I've done is
jot down a few things to comment on
with you about what was seen on
Sálvame because I don't know if you From there you
've heard all the
things to comment on But anyway let's
put this because this is the situation
I have right now Sálvame the editor the
editor I'm right next to them and she
's completely putting me down
live and she thinks I'm not going to answer
so I come to work as you know
for the report program as I
always do and this person Now she doesn't want me to
record her but if she puts her face to
put me down I ask the
new management of Sálvame please that no
I'm not I'm not well thanks to the thing and
demolition that you have done to me the
production company the TV factory I ask
please I mean please let this be
controlled because here the only lady who
is a circus is her who puts in everything that has
gone into her reality shows and her things
but I have nothing to do with this
girl with Cristina Porta and who is
provoking me that  talk about the
luxury operation, talk about the lawsuit that
my partner won, talk about all of that
because they leave me alone, I haven't
done anything to them, I've asked them to keep
working,
okay, you know the videos
that you sent me by heart, so when you
want to ask me to put some in, okay,
by heart, no, but I think let's see, I don't
know if we can start commenting. Now this, but the thing is that the the Yes,
but the show has
come from before. Eh, it didn't come from here
to see, the thing is, we arrived at the plaza, that is, the Las
Ventas bullring, the
inauguration of San Isidro, okay, there were
some awards and such. So it was a
photocall, which was actually quite
long. First, there were the televisions,
obviously, the national programs,
among which was. Well, on the one hand, it was
going to be useful for life, my goodness, a
party with Marta ríes with Marta risco, yes, it
's true that she arrived with a look,
but even though she's a reporter, she
always dresses super well, super
extravagantly, and super into her thing,
okay. And Cristina Porta was also there, who
surprised me. I mean, I wasn't
expecting her.  I was about to save myself, no. Well, a
little bit to play the game of, well,
collaborator, play the reporter thing, she
went with her editor. Normally,
reporters don't go with editors, but
she with the collaborator and she doesn't have any
experience as a reporter for the program. I
suppose she would need it, I was
surprised by an editor who I also
know and it's more people, the truth is. And yes, it
's true that she
arrived and such, well, we all greeted each other and
Cristina and I arrived today, we know each other
personally, so this is set. Well, about
this, well, talking for a while and such. And of
course, yes, it's true that let's
see how I can explain it to you, obviously the
first ones to arrive were Ortega
Cano and Gloria Camila. There were many
invented ones, from bullfighters to
politicians, there was everything, everything, everything, everything,
but really, well,
gala guests and well, no, no, no, Castilla characters,
as we call them, well, then
Ortega Cano and Gloria Camila are the
first to arrive. They arrive together, okay, they
pose together and they also speak together
for the media, which is
not usually the case, but on this
occasion, since it was something special, it
was more like Gloria accompanying
Ortega.  They spoke together to the
media then they
divided the groups I mean let
me explain three or four media
that were the agencies I think Sálvame and
party first with them two then
another little group with them two and then
we the written ones with them two
what is going on and where the
mess started well it started at the moment when
Marta I think let's see each one has to
achieve their objective no but of course
you have yes it is true that you have very
little time and there were I think two or three
minutes in between Ortega is not
very keen on the Telecinco universe
more specifically Sálvame but it is
true that in that group that Marta
Risco was in well Marta had like a
kind of tableau to play a game with her
it was a tableau like of Ana María the gift
like something related to
today's exclusive and to play a game with her
So the first thing she came in as if to kill
instead of the typical polite question
Italy came in as if for her objective I
understand on the one hand that she has to
get what is asked of her but it was very
complicated because there were more colleagues
too so there was
like a gesture that  I consider it like a
bad partner, you know, and that's where
the pique started a bit. The pique of gosh. Well,
this one. Well, this one for the other, like a bit
of
one and the other, okay. But when when is
when the spark really jumps.
The spark jumps. When in fact, I see them
both and I thought that they were both going to
pose for a photocall, both one and Porta, that
is, both Porta and Marta, risky because
yes, they are both professionals and in fact, I
like them both as professionals in their field, sincerely, and I have
told them both. Also, today, but yes, it
is true that they were both like
reporters. What happens is that according to what
Cris told me, she apparently took the opportunity
to ask him outside, that is, inside the
photocall because we were like with a
fence, she knows it was constantly showing
celebrities,
a tape. She took the opportunity to ask him a
question, something like that. I don't know if it was
related to today's cover, with the
Olga issue or with the fact that it was OK,
so she asks the question,
obviously Marta feels bad and it's
like she already
associates the Sálvame microphone, absolute
drama,
obviously Marta must not be having a
good time with everything.  this
family schism Marta wasn't going to tell anything and
less to sálvame and Marta's rebound as a
result of that question was such that
gosh as soon as or rather when we are in
the photocall more or less within the chaos
that was already in itself everyone calm
suddenly we started to hear like screams
you know like And you are one I don't know what
more or less what has been seen what has been
seen in that video but much more
exaggerated because there are things that
really have not been seen because you have
a problem because because
Cristina said It's that it's that you don't realize that it's that the one
who is here is you and it
's not your partner Antonio David because you have to
know how to separate because you can't
do this because there are many of us but the thing is that they
started to scream at a level that you do
n't see at a level some of their colleagues and they
showed themselves here on video we have a video
of what I could because I haven't gotten
to everything but well also
from what you're telling me you
didn't hear what was being said
from the set of sálvame from the set of sálvame
No since you
have seen it no The set of  Sálvame is not
worth it
is that clear but of course if you have not
seen it more if you have not heard about the
Marta plate I do not understand no Of
course no Marta either Of course but what have they
said man sometimes so mocking
her they were making fun of the clothes
that Marta was wearing You know why when
because Marta was dressed pretty and to go
as a reporter Well it seems that you have to
go in boots or ankle boots okay because they
were making fun of Marta's clothes let's
see basically what has been seen
since the Sálvame program there is no
need to turn on the extractor if I can
avoid it because it is long if I can
avoid it better tomorrow I will
pay for it and that but basically what has been
seen since Sálvame was at the
moment that Ortega Cano and Gloria
Camila arrive when they start you know they leave they
leave all those who were there not
all the media that were there a
little around and they kind of move
forward and Marta stuck to Cristina
Porta the two come together no then what
was what  he was there from the
beginning he starts insulting Marta and
attacking her okay who the set
because he has taken the opportunity to
throw the Marte and so on what not Look,
paragraph, paragraph Congratulations, maestro Joao
has already given I do
n't know if it's worth congratulating you or not
but I want to tell you your daily Twins
your 30 for two years have borne
fruit Congratulations Arab what you know how long
the case lasts that they do to him there
but oh well he goes Surviving For
two years he has been the carraquista and
kissing feet around there he goes Surviving
but let's see La Movida is
me of course I'm going to give you my opinion I don't know
if it will be I think I think that you don't think the
same as me because of what we have talked about
before and but of course you have to take into
account that we this for example what
has happened to me many times at the
doors of places or when we have gone
and I have collided with journalists and
with people and editors who were
covering the news and I have arrived with
the telesalseo microphone okay that of course I do
not have a journalism degree and
maybe there are many things that  I imagine
that they will teach them to you when you are
doing the studies, don't believe it either, let's
see that there are like codes, no, there are like
codes. Hey, look, the camera is always in
front, the microphone is always, I don't know, things like that.
No, no, because of the microphone, not set for the
other person's camera, things like that. There are people who
respect it, there are people who don't. I'm also
telling you okay, but of course there, there what they
were saying was that Marta had to
give it to her, like Marta had to
give Cristina Porta the opportunity to speak with
Ortega and with Gloria
because Sálvame was the live program
and Marta was there for the
weekend. So when it's a live show
from the same network, you have to respect it
first, the live show is not like that, of course, it's not like that, it's not like
that, it's not supposed to be a
code,
realize, realize that they are also
different producers. I would love for
Hablalio to answer this because
also the, I mean, I think that of course
how could we not have to, I'll send you an
audio if you want, Aurelio, send us an
audio And we have the first
contact, I'll send you an audio if you
want.
La Movida Marina, for me, the first
point number one thing that  you need to
listen But you don't know at some
point that Ortega Cano was going to attend to
Sálvame even if Marta hadn't been there
Because I think that Ortega Ortega didn't but
then Ortega left and then nevertheless
Gloria despite everything
came back to attend to them look at you the
education and Gloria did cost her but she
came back and with a
Yes but I think it was because it wasn't
Understand me it was a place like an environment
as such of level Understand me that it looked
so ugly It's that
I think he did it because of excess
of Education I Maybe I don't know if he would have done it I
think
not Really really it's not the first
time I remember the day of his
birthday that he also went out to attend to
Sálvame in the hallway of it's 8 I think it
was but well The Movida before he
approached before the before
Marta's hookup and how china that
Marta got with the subject of the game and
so on and the other one at minute zero you are
a Shameless leave me you have no
shame you are not well I don't know what before
that according to  Ortega Cano was approaching
from a distance, open a subway, they
were already making comments but I
even think the presenter was also talking
about the American outfit, what
horrible glasses he's wearing, I don't know what it is, that's the same
old thing, but that's not what
we're discovering. Nothing new,
yes. I mean, we're not discovering anything
new, but I know that I'm going to tell you one
thing. First, the first thing I see is that whoever is
there, let's see if I,
yes, I have my game and I am. I have the
opportunity, I mean, we have the same
time to get whatever it is, I don't
have to give it to another program.
In fact, and even less when José is not going to
attend to you, obviously, in fact,
José Ortega was too prudent and
too polite with the media and today
Gloria was also showing off her savoir-
faire because it was a place like very,
Understand me, very, very well, and it was like, I'm not
going to be ugly, but yes,
inside, I think it was like, oh my God,
Lord, take me. Take me soon. I'm also
going to tell you something about the clip that we
just saw of Marta's stories. There
's only one thing that,
thinking about Marta, like  worker of
that chain would not have done it the people
here are not going to see it the same because they don't
understand it maybe from that
perspective and it's me in an Understand me I think that
she has made a mistake for her own good
her saying recording Cristina talking
about everything that you do in Sálvame
mentioning the deluxe operation in the end it is
still your own chain
Understand me you are working Although for
another producer in a program then
mentioning in a story the operation
of light talks about that and such then
the executives see it it does not look good it does not look I
say it from experience eh another thing is that she
is free to say what she wants but
that it can have consequences that are not good
for her and I would not like So it is
a little bit that I refer to you Sorry to
the facts I refer goodbye to recording they
fired him because he interviewed very black
on YouTube I do
not know if it is good is that I spoke with him
about that subject also well yes well yes yes that he does
not want him that they did not
want him Well for whatever it is that is why I
tell you that sometimes you have to be
careful because of that subject okay I know that  the
people here first yes me and it's not about
I have said it from the beginning it is
not about Vasco Marta with Cristina
no what happens is that in the end it is not
Marte and Cristina but what
one or the other represents regardless of what
happened today let me explain the people
here I understand what everyone is going to say
up Marta risk for Claro but no
but Understand me regardless of what
happened today and the fans
in fact not because it is Marte Because the
other is sálvame
but I am not you are not understanding me I
mean people in general are going to be
guided Cristina contributes works in sálvame
they will support Cristina and Marta So yes it
is true that well I am going to
try to be objective when
telling it because the thing is that I was
seeing it and I was running out of hair in
fact after the big discussion I spoke 15 minutes
with one and 15 minutes with the other and
neither one does day nor the other gives in each
one had a very clear vision I
have also drawn a very clear conclusion on the
part of both of us and I am left with that  and
now we're going to develop it as
you ask me Hey, they're
giving us so many members, for me there's
none, they
can take out the context very easily eh Ah no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no no don't
say those things
Yes look 50 members but Loli has
given away 50 members I haven't
realized but what are you doing Loli But I
'm telling you I say because I see
my goodness Luli But my goodness Loli they're
going to criticize you And they're going to give you 28
straight to see a kiss thank you very
much a kiss Thank you very much let's see I know
that many people without seeing the context
of the story and the reason for the fact
of being sálvame and martejo that's why even if it
wasn't martejo but sálvame they already
take favor of the other side But the thing is
that here I sincerely on my part
first for me Ortega Cano is of no use
to them whether Marta or
Pepito was there yes yes he was there
organized by those from d&p who are the ones who have been
doing photocall for us all our
lives I also
love her Thank you
Ortega Cano wasn't going to attend to them anyway
but let's see not because he wanted to but
because there were several little groups and the first little
group that played whether you liked it or not out of
politeness were Sálvame Fiesta and the
agencies that are the ones with the most publicity
agencies that distribute it to
all of us and Sálvame and Fiesta okay it coincided
that it was like that and that's where it began The storm that
almost ended in expulsion It's that I only have to
say that it almost ended the two of them
outside the event for security I mean no no what it is that no no
cloth cloth the
indignation
that what Ortega is worth what each one I don't think
anyone will do that to you from the position to anyone
because that's how it is if I get it I'll
put the mic in him before you put yours in him
That's Yes okay And then it
was the other one that I was going to tell you he
left me I was going to tell you another one
more reason why I'm with Marta
It's that then it got well
say that I don't want
Antonio David to block me And we get angry
again but I
was going to tell you another I was
going to tell you another but
[Music]